# Evolution of project
 

## Essential functionalities
### Editing
Editing documents is the most fundamental functionality required and is the core of our application. It includes:
* Create
* Modify
* Save
* Delete

### Seperation

### Bonus
* Layout setting : Our application also enables editers to define an approriate layout in order to better display the content.
They can choose one of our templates, or they can create a personlized one on their own.
* Export as a pdf : Sometimes people may want to save locally the contents which are important or interesting. 
We provide our clients the option to export what they are viewing as a pdf document so the data is accessible on their own computer
when they do not have access to the Internet.
### Permanence of data
We would like to keep data that are generated by the users permanently on our server so that the data will never be lost.
It is possible to visit the entries no matter when they were created. This can be done via a compression technique in order 
to reduce the storage required by the increasing amount of data.

### Collaborate in editing
This functionality comprises the following two aspects:
* Discussion : People can discuss in real time so that they can reach a consensus for the content to be harmonic and consistent.
* Multiple authors : Multiple authors can edit the same document, either sequentially or in the same time. In this context our 
application should be able to cope with different situations caused by unsynchronization and asymmetry.

### Categorization
Every article should have a tag and thus each of them can be put into a corrsponding category.
### Clean user interface
The human-computer interface should be nice to users, which facilitates the usage and improves user experience.
### Simple options
The interface should be as simple as possible so that it is easy for a newbee to get started.
### Usage
* Easy to maintain : Our application should be robust and easy to maintain after the stable version is released.
* No client-end application : There is no client-end to install so it is incredibly easy to use as long as the client have 
a modern browser with JavaScript enabled.

## Short-term evolutions

### Export to cloud
In the essential functionalities we talked about "exporting locally", however things become problematic when the client 
loses the device which stores the document. It would be desirable to have the option to "export to cloud" so that clients will
no longer worry about these issues. To implement this functionality, we need to build our own cloud or to interface with 
the major cloud solution providers. It is not fundamental to our application and we intend to build it when all the basics 
are ready.
### Better usage of the data
* Set up hypertext links : It is desirable to be able to go from one document to the other without returning to the main 
page. We allow editers to use hypertext links that point to another document when they are editing it. 
* Versioning : Our application is capable of handling differences created by editing with multiple authors. Users can also 
view the history of one document if they wish to do so.

### Collaboration
* Annotations : People can annotate the work of others in order to give the document more credibility.
* Evolution notification : Authors will be notified once there is modifications made to the entries.
* Real-time modification display : Users can see what is modified in real time.
* Author listing: We list all the authors of one article.

### Summarization
* summary generation : A summary is generated at the end of a document.
* content promotion : Part of the content is displayed with the title at the browsing page.

### Bootcamp
All new users are redirected to a page where they can learn the basics of how to use the application.
### Auto-Save
The application saves the content every five minutes when editing to prevent accidents such as crash or power off.

## Long-term evolution
### Migration from intranet to internet
Our initial purpose to create this application is make communication and sharing simpler and easier inside an enterprise. 
If it turns out to be successful we can migrate from an application intranet to internet as well. Namely, every internet user will 
be able to author a document and in doing so we need a public domain name.
### Mobile platforms
The future of computing is Mobile. Mobile platform is incontournable. However it is rather complicated since we have different 
systems such as Android and iOS among others. We leave it as a long-term evolution of our project.
### Always Collaborating
* VoIP call/conferencing : Sometimes discussion with messages can lead to confusion and mistakes. In the long-term evolution 
of our application we will enable our users to make a phone call to have a direct conversation.
* Social network collaboration : Today almost everyone is on a social network. Collaborating in a soical network can be beneficial 
considering the huge amount of users.

### Search
Searching is inevitable when the database becomes large. With the searching functionality we intend to give our clients nicer user 
experience to provide them results that best correspond to  their needs.
